Hi and we'll come back in this video we're looking at adding the remote repository that is going to
be a short video because it tells you here how to do that.
Let's copy this first command and then I'm going to go over into the terminal where we've got our repository
and I'm going to paste it in and I'm gonna explain to you what this really is.
Remember that a remote repository is another good repository that instead of being in your file system
in your computer it is in good hubs servers and it is identical to your local get repository except
that we can add it as a remote so we can send it stuff.
We can send it our Snapshot our commits to what we're doing here is saying get remote.
This is a command used to manage remote repositories and then subcommanders And then there's others
like remove for removing remote repositories we can have as many remote repositories as we want and
the one we're adding here is this one which is the you Arel that is available here.
And we are calling it origin where you can call it whatever you want it doesn't have to be called Origin
origin it's just the sort of default name.
So when we press that nothing really seems to happen.
But now we are able to send our snapshots send our commits to this remote repository.
And the way we do that is as it says in the page get push dash you or in master.
And what this does is it says I'm going to push and send my comments to origin and more specifically
the branch that I want to send which we've only got mastered at this point is must.
And it's saying that you flag means origin create a new branch called master and make sure that they
are synchronized essentially.
So when we press Enter then it asks us if we want to connect for sure and then we say yes and then he
says permission denied.
Trust me this is the way to do it.
It tells you there as well.
But we do not have permissions we don't have correct access rights to access that repository.
So we have to make sure that we have access rights and that's where we are going to be looking at in
the very next video because it's really important concept to understand which is the concept of S-sh
Keeves.
We're going to look at that in the next video.
So I'll see you there.